Revised (#131)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/30.methods.md

The variable $prob'$ is the adjusted prediction probablity of a demographic variable (gender and name origin) for names of scientists in group $g$ (honoree or author) during year $y$.
$\epsilon \sim N(0, \sigma^2)$ accounts for random variation.

We emphasize that the units in this analysis are honors and authorships.

> Therefore, each row of the input data frame represents either an honor or authorship with the scientist's name's adjusted gender probability and its probability of having originated from each geographic region ($prob'$).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, each row of the input data frame represents either an honor or authorship with the scientist's name's adjusted gender probability and its probability from the name origin classifier ($prob'$).
```

> Our rationale was that, if a scientist was honored three times, these three honoree slots were distinct selections and should be considered separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our rationale was that, if a scientist was honored three times, these three honoree slots represented distinct selections and should be considered separately.
```
